Event markdown page template (#34)
ethereum/solidity-website: src/events/solidity-summit-2023.md

startDate: 2023-11-16
endDate: 2023-11-16
imageSrc: /assets/solidity_summit_2023.png
ctaLinks:
  - label: Speak
    href: 
  - label: Attend

>     href: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    href: https://cryptpad.fr/form/#/2/form/view/xfCGeeNLIlraxzc46U2fLxAGpbTnlVakiM+18kZJcuI/
```

### Solidity Language Shapers

You are a Solidity pro and interested in shaping the language? Join the Solidity Summit to present language improvement proposals and exchange ideas.

### Tooling Builders & Auditors

You build an IDE, debugger, analysis tool or audit Solidity code? Use the opportunity to share your tools and what you've been working on with the audience.

### Solidity Enthusiasts

You are a heavy Solidity user? We welcome all Solidity power users and code aficionados to join, learn, network and share their best Solidity tips, hacks and feedback.

## What will we talk about?

This year, presentations and discussions will evolve around the following topics:

- Solidity and Yul
- Language changes or extension proposals
- Upcoming new features
- Feedback on recently introduced features
- Unification / extension of the ABI
- Tooling, debuggers and debugging data output
- Testing frameworks
- Integration into existing "larger ecosystem tools" (e.g. VSCode via Language Server, LLVM)
- Source verification
- Layer 2 support, cross-chain support
- Mechanisms / programming patterns (on the EVM) like mutexes, state machines, upgradeable contracts, libraries, create2, etc.

> ## Registrations will open soon.
> 
> Tickets for the Solidity Summit 2023 are free and given out on an application basis. Applications will open soon.

Author: ```suggestion
## Registrations are open

Tickets for the Solidity Summit 2023 are free and given out on an application basis. Applications are open now for speakers and attendees.
```
Just a suggestion, feel free to spice it up =)

Reviewer: Somehow this comment didn't load. :(
